{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2758
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Bold;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs24 \cf0 2017 Major League Baseball Runs Analysis
\f1\b0 \
Author: Haley Lorenz\
\
Description\
This project conducts a regression analysis on the 2017 Major League Baseball (MLB) runs scored. The model aims to determine the relationship between various baseball statistics and the number of runs scored in the season.\
\
Installation\
To run this analysis, you will need R installed on your machine, as well as plyr\
\
Usage\
Run the R Markdown file to generate the regression analysis. The data is sourced from a CSV file named `MLBRUNS2017.csv`.\
\
Methodology\
The regression model includes the following predictors: walks, singles, doubles, triples, home runs, stolen bases, caught stealing, and strikeouts. The output includes regression coefficients, their significance, confidence intervals, and predictions based on the model.\
\
Results\
The least squares regression model provides a prediction equation for the number of runs. It also gives a practical interpretation of the beta estimates, indicating the effect of each statistic on the average number of runs.\
\

\f0\b Management Research in Africa: Evaluating GDP and Corruption
\f1\b0 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Author: Haley Lorenz\
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Description\
This project analyzes the relationship between GDP per capita and the level of corruption in African countries, as well as the influence of political rights on corruption. The study uses simple linear regression analysis to understand these dynamics.\
\
Installation\
Ensure R and the 'plyr' library are installed on your machine to execute the analysis.\
\
Usage\
The analysis is conducted through an R script that reads data from an 'AFRICA.csv' file. It computes summary statistics, regression coefficients, confidence intervals, and predictive values.\
\
Methodology\
The study evaluates GDP per capita and degree of freedom in political rights as predictors of corruption levels. It includes data visualization through scatter plots and regression lines.\
\
Results\
Findings suggest a positive correlation between GDP per capita and corruption levels, and a negative relationship between the degree of freedom in political rights and corruption. Predictive analysis estimates corruption levels based on GDP per capita and political rights scores.\
\
All files can be found at  https://media.pearsoncmg.com/cmg/pmmg_mml_shared/mathstatsresources/home/index.html#author=M in the book \'93A Second Course in Statistics: Regression Analysis 8th edition\'94 by Mendenhall and Sincich.\
}